CTOR-1510 Plugin(apps::backup::commvault::commserve::restapi) - Mode (Jobs) : error when output is too long (#4739)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-commvault-commserve-restapi.md

See https://api.commvault.com/

> > **Using this connector with Multi-Factor Authentication ( MFA )**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Using this connector with Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)**
```

>

> > When Commvault MFA is enabled it's necessary to create a pair of tokens **Access Token** **Refresh Token** associated with this connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When Commvault MFA is enabled, you need to create an **Access Token**/**Refresh Token** pair associated with this connector.
```

>
> **Access Token** is used to authenticate to the Commvault API. It is valid for 30 minutes, after this period it is automatically renewed by the connector using **Refresh Token**.

> > When the renewal occurs, a completely new pair of **Access Token** **Refresh Token** is generated and the previous pair is revoked and can no longer be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When the renewal occurs, a completely new **Access Token**/**Refresh Token** pair is generated and the previous pair is revoked and can no longer be used.
```

> The connector saves the latest token pair locally for authentication purposes.
>
> Each token should be used by only one connector, it must not have any other use and must not be shared with other applications.
>

> > Use `--api-token` and `--refresh-token` parameters to set the tokens. Use the `--instance` parameter when multiple plugins are executed on the same poller to identify the token to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Use the `--api-token` and `--refresh-token` parameters to set the tokens. Use the `--instance` parameter when multiple plugins are executed on the same poller to identify which token to use.
```
